doc: FastStore Release Notes - March (#1204)
vtex/faststore: docs/blog/2022-04-01-faststore.md

---
title: March, 2022
description: FastStore Release Notes 
tags: [faststore]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

# March, 2022

> New `Dropdown` component, improvements on the performance of `useStorage` hook, a new local server and GraphQL tests, and the addition of VTEX Headless CMS API Reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FastStore API now includes an Express GraphQL Server, and the FastStore UI now has a new `Dropdown` component. Also, the performance of the `useStorage` hook has been improved.
```
